Congressional Record Volume 170, Issue 1



[Daily Digest]
[Pages D2-D5]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                                         Wednesday, January 3, 2024

[[Page D2]]

                              Daily Digest


HIGHLIGHTS

      Second Session of the One Hundred and Eighteenth Congress 
      convened as prescribed by the Constitution of the United States.


                                 Senate


Chamber Action
Routine Proceedings, pages S1-S2
Nominations Returned to the President: The following nominations were 
returned to the President failing of confirmation under Senate Rule 
XXXI at the time of the adjournment of the First Session of the 118th 
Congress:
  Ronald T. Keohane, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of 
Defense.
  Robin Lee Wiessmann, of Pennsylvania, to be a Director of the Amtrak 
Board of Directors for a term of five years.
  Samuel E. Lathem, of Delaware, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board 
of Directors for a term of five years.
  Arthur W. Brown, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Ecuador.
  B. Bix Aliu, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to Montenegro.
  Elizabeth Rood, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to Turkmenistan.
  Jennifer M. Adams, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Cabo Verde.
  Dorothy Camille Shea, of North Carolina, to be the Deputy 
Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, 
with the rank and status of Ambassador and the Deputy Representative of 
the United States of America in the Security Council of the United 
Nations.
  Dorothy Camille Shea, of North Carolina, to be Representative of the 
United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the 
United Nations, during her tenure of service as Deputy Representative 
of the United States of America to the United Nations.
  Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Colombia.
  Pamela M. Tremont, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Zimbabwe.
  Richard Mills, Jr., of Georgia, to be Ambassador to the Federal 
Republic of Nigeria.
  Robert William Forden, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom 
of Cambodia.
  Stephanie Sanders Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Representative of the 
United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status 
of Ambassador.
  Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of Florida, to be Representative of the 
United States on the Executive Board of the World Health Organization.
  Javier Ramirez, of Illinois, to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation 
Director.
  Cathy Ann Harris, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Merit Systems 
Protection Board.
  Anjali Chaturvedi, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, Department of 
Veterans Affairs.
  Stacy Lynn Dean, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary 
of Agriculture for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services.
  Margo Schlanger, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of 
Agriculture.
  Solomon Jeffrey Greene, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
  Ron Borzekowski, of Maryland, to be Director, Office of Financial 
Research, Department of the Treasury, for a term of six years.
  David Uejio, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development.
  Rebecca Lee Haffajee, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary 
of Health and Human Services.
  Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring 
September 27, 2026.
  Carol Moseley Braun, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring 
September 22, 2023.

[[Page D3]]


  Carol Moseley Braun, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring 
September 22, 2029.
  Monde Muyangwa, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Directors 
of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 
2027.
  Janet Louise Yellen, of California, to be United States Governor of 
the Inter-American Development Bank for a term of five years; United 
States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development for a term of five years; and United States Governor of the 
International Monetary Fund for a term of five years.
  Janet Louise Yellen, of California, to be United States Governor of 
the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
  David J. Kostelancik, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic 
of Albania.
  Elizabeth Shortino, of the District of Columbia, to be United States 
Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two 
years.
  Richard L.A. Weiner, of the District of Columbia, to be United States 
Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
  Leopoldo Martinez Nucete, of Virginia, to be United States Executive 
Director of the Inter-American Development Bank for a term of three 
years.
  LaWanda Amaker Toney, of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for 
Communications and Outreach, Department of Education.
  Moshe Z. Marvit, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Federal Mine 
Safety and Health Review Commission for a term expiring August 30, 
2028.
  Adrienne Jennings Noti, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for 
the term of fifteen years.
  Marian F. Gaston, of California, to be United States District Judge 
for the Southern District of California.
  Todd E. Edelman, of the District of Columbia, to be United States 
District Judge for the District of Columbia.
  Charnelle Bjelkengren, of Washington, to be United States District 
Judge for the Eastern District of Washington.
  Scott Winston Colom, of Mississippi, to be United States District 
Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi.
  Roy W. Minter, Jr., of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the 
Southern District of Georgia for the term of four years.
  Michael Purnell, of Mississippi, to be United States Marshal for the 
Northern District of Mississippi for the term of four years.
  Dale L. Bell, of Mississippi, to be United States Marshal for the 
Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four years.
  Almo J. Carter, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of 
the United States Parole Commission for a term of six years.
  Liliana Ayalde, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of Directors 
of the Inter-American Foundation for a term expiring June 26, 2026.
  Marcela Escobari, of Massachusetts, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term expiring 
September 20, 2026.
  Julio Guity-Guevara, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term expiring October 
6, 2028.
  Maria Fabiana Jorge, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term 
expiring September 20, 2028.
  Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term expiring 
September 20, 2024.
  Michael Sfraga, of Alaska, to be Ambassador at Large for Arctic 
Affairs.
  Felix R. Sanchez, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the 
Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a 
term expiring January 31, 2028.
  Julie A. Su, of California, to be Secretary of Labor.
  Tanya Monique Jones Bosier, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for 
the term of fifteen years.
  Danny Lam Hoan Nguyen, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for 
the term of fifteen years.
  Richard H. Riley IV, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal 
Republic of Somalia.
  Mark Toner, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Liberia.
  Lisa Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of 
Burundi.
  Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 
2028.
  Margaret L. Taylor, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser of the 
Department of State.
  Steven L. Swig, of California, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation for a term of three 
years.

[[Page D4]]


  John W. Leslie, Jr., of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring 
September 22, 2025.
  Deborah Robinson, of New Jersey, to be Intellectual Property 
Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President.
  Marjorie A. Rollinson, of Virginia, to be Chief Counsel for the 
Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel in the 
Department of the Treasury.
  Suzanne Elizabeth Summerlin, of Florida, to be General Counsel of the 
Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years.
  Kenechukwu Onyemaechi Okocha, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for 
the term of fifteen years.
  Rebecca C. Lutzko, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the 
Northern District of Ohio for the term of four years.
  Henry J. Kerner, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems 
Protection Board for the term of seven years expiring March 1, 2030.
  Katherine E. Oler, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate 
Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of 
fifteen years.
  Judith E. Pipe, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge 
of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of 
fifteen years.
  Charles J. Willoughby, Jr., of the District of Columbia, to be an 
Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for 
the term of fifteen years, William M. Jackson, retired.
  Joseph Albert Laroski, Jr., of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United 
States Court of International Trade.
  Lisa W. Wang, of the District of Columbia, to be a Judge of the 
United States Court of International Trade.
  April M. Perry, of Illinois, to be United States Attorney for the 
Northern District of Illinois for the term of four years.
  Jeff Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department 
of Homeland Security.
  Jon M. Holladay, of Virginia, to be Chief Financial Officer, 
Department of Agriculture.
  Derek H. Chollet, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy.
  Joshua Paul Kolar, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for 
the Seventh Circuit.
  Eumi K. Lee, of California, to be United States District Judge for 
the Northern District of California.
  Janice Miriam Hellreich, of Hawaii, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term 
expiring January 31, 2030.
  Calvin Smyre, of Georgia, to be a Representative of the United States 
of America to the Seventy-eighth Session of the General Assembly of the 
United Nations.
  Erik John Woodhouse, of Virginia, to be Head of the Office of 
Sanctions Coordination, with the rank of Ambassador.
  Patrice J. Robinson, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 
2028.
  Colleen Duffy Kiko, of North Dakota, to be a Member of the Federal 
Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 29, 
2027.
  Colleen Danielle Holland, of New York, to be United States District 
Judge for the Western District of New York.
  Ramona Villagomez Manglona, of the Northern Mariana Islands, to be 
Judge for the District Court for the Northern Mariana Islands for a 
term of ten years.
  Mustafa Taher Kasubhai, of Oregon, to be United States District Judge 
for the District of Oregon.
  Stuart Alan Levey, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation for a term of three 
years.
  Melissa Griffin Dalton, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air 
Force.
  David O. Barnett, Jr., of New Mexico, to be United States Marshal for 
the District of New Mexico for the term of four years.
  Hampton Y. Dellinger, of North Carolina, to be Special Counsel, 
Office of Special Counsel, for the term of five years.
  Seth Robert Aframe, of New Hampshire, to be United States Circuit 
Judge for the First Circuit.
  Edward Sunyol Kiel, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge 
for the District of New Jersey.
  Sarah French Russell, of Connecticut, to be United States District 
Judge for the District of Connecticut.
  Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States 
Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2029.
  Clinton J. Fuchs, of Maryland, to be United States Marshal for the 
District of Maryland for the term of four years.
  John Gleeson, of New York, to be a Member of the United States 
Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2029.
  Johnny C. Gogo, of California, to be United States Attorney for the 
District of Guam and concurrently United States Attorney for the 
District of the Northern Mariana Islands for the term of four years.

[[Page D5]]


  David L. Lemmon II, of West Virginia, to be United States Marshal for 
the Southern District of West Virginia for the term of four years.
  Joshua S. Levy, of Massachusetts, to be United States Attorney for 
the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years.
  Jacqueline Becerra, of Florida, to be United States District Judge 
for the Southern District of Florida.
  Melissa Damian, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for 
the Southern District of Florida.
  David Seymour Leibowitz, of Florida, to be United States District 
Judge for the Southern District of Florida.
  Julie Simone Sneed, of Florida, to be United States District Judge 
for the Middle District of Florida.
  Kirk Edward Sherriff, of California, to be United States District 
Judge for the Eastern District of California.
  Amy M. Baggio, of Oregon, to be United States District Judge for the 
District of Oregon.
  Nicole G. Berner, of Maryland, to be United States Circuit Judge for 
the Fourth Circuit.
  Cristal C. Brisco, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for 
the Northern District of Indiana.
  Gretchen S. Lund, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for 
the Northern District of Indiana.
  Adeel Abdullah Mangi, of New Jersey, to be United States Circuit 
Judge for the Third Circuit.                                 
Pages S1-2
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 p.m. and convened the Second Session 
of the 118th Congress, in pro forma session, and adjourned at 12:00:40 
p.m., until 10 a.m. on Friday, January 5, 2024.








[Daily Digest]
[Page D5]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                     COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY,

                            JANUARY 5, 2024

        (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated)


                                 Senate

  No meetings/hearings scheduled.


                                 House

  No hearings are scheduled.








[Daily Digest]
[Page D5]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
  No hearings were held.

Joint Meetings
  No joint committee meetings were held.








[Daily Digest]
[Page D5]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                        House of Representatives


Chamber Action
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: There were no Public Bills or 
Resolutions introduced in today's Record.
Additional Cosponsors:
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today.
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she appointed 
Representative Foxx to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.    
  Page H1
Convening of the Second Session of the 118th Congress: Pursuant to the 
20th Amendment to the Constitution, the House met at 12 noon on January 
3, 2024 for the convening of the second session of the One Hundred 
Eighteenth Congress. Pursuant to section 3 of H. Res. 922, the Chair 
announced that no organizational or legislative business will be 
conducted on this day. The Chair further announced that messages 
requiring action will be laid before the House on a subsequent day and 
that bills and resolutions introduced today will receive a number but 
will not be referred to committee or noted in the Record until a 
subsequent day. Executive communications, memorials, and petitions 
likewise will be referred and numbered on a subsequent day.     
  Page H1
Quorum Calls--Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no 
Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls.
Adjournment: The House met at 12 p.m. and adjourned at 12:03 p.m.








[Daily Digest]
[Page D5]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
(Committees not listed did not meet)
  No committee meetings were held.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D5-D6]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


 The CONGRESSIONAL RECORD (USPS 087-390).

 The Periodicals postage is paid at Washington, D.C.
  The public proceedings of each House of Congress, as reported
  by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to
  directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by
  appropriate provisions of Title 44, United States Code,
  and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session,
  excepting very infrequent instances when two or more unusually
  small consecutive issues are printed one time.
 Public access to the Congressional Record is available online
  through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov,
  free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day
  the Congressional Record is published. For more information,
  contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
  Phone 202-512-1800, or 866-512-1800 (toll-free). E-Mail,
  contactcenter@gpo.gov.
 To place an order for any of these products, visit
  the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail
  orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis,
  MO 63197-9000, or phone orders to 866-512-1800 (toll-free),
  202-512-1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202-512-2104. Remit check or
  money order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use
  VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. 
 Following each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record
  is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the
  Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets.
 With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no
  restrictions on the republication of material from the
  Congressional Record.


  POSTMASTER:

  Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents,
  Congressional Record,
  U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402,
  along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.







[[Page D6]]

_______________________________________________________________________


                       Next Meeting of the SENATE
                       10 a.m., Friday, January 5

                               
                             Senate Chamber
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session.

              Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                       10 a.m., Friday, January 5

                               
                             House Chamber
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m.








[Page H1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              ADJOURNMENT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to section 3(z) of House Resolution 
5, the House stands adjourned until 10 a.m. on Friday, January 5, 2024.
  Thereupon (at 12 o'clock and 3 minutes p.m.), under its previous 
order, the House adjourned until Friday, January 5, 2024, at 10 a.m.








[Page H1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 
922, no organizational or legislative business will be conducted on 
this day.
  Messages requiring action will be laid before the House on a 
subsequent day.
  Bills and resolutions introduced today will receive a number but will 
not be referred to committee or noted in the Record until a subsequent 
day. Executive communications, memorials, and petitions likewise will 
be referred and numbered on a subsequent day.

                          ____________________








[Page H1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge 
of Allegiance.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page H1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret Grun Kibben, offered the 
following prayer:
  Eternal Lord, from everlasting to everlasting, You are God. Many are 
the plans of our hearts, but Yours is the eternal purpose that 
prevails.
  Receive then our earnest and most heartfelt prayers as we enter into 
this Second Session of the 118th Congress. You have set eternity in our 
hearts, and we yearn to find meaning and purpose in the work of our 
hands.
  Receive our labors and sanctify our intentions. May all that we set 
forth to do prove worthy of Your gracious and eternal plan.
  Scripture warns that some trust in chariots and some in horses. All 
too often we trust in the perishable and corruptible, but this year, in 
all that lies ahead, may we place our trust only in the name of the 
Lord our God.
  It is in Your sovereign name that we are bold to pray.
  Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page H1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following 
communication from the Speaker:

                                               Washington, DC,

                                                  January 3, 2024.
       I hereby appoint the Honorable Virginia Foxx to act as 
     Speaker pro tempore on this day.
                                                     Mike Johnson,
     Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                          ____________________








[Page H1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page H1]]

House of Representatives

  This being the day fixed pursuant to the 20th Amendment to the 
Constitution for the meeting of the Second Session of the 118th 
Congress, the House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker 
pro tempore (Ms. Foxx).

                          ____________________








[Page S1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to 
the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mrs. Murray).
  The legislative clerk read the following letter:

                                                      U.S. Senate,


                                        President pro tempore,

                                  Washington, DC, January 3, 2024.
     To the Senate:
       Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the 
     Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable 
     Charles E. Schumer, a Senator from the State of New York, to 
     perform the duties of the Chair.
                                                     Patty Murray,
                                            President pro tempore.

  Mr. SCHUMER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro 
tempore.

                          ____________________








[Page S1]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page S1]]

Senate

  The 3rd day of January being the day prescribed by the Constitution 
of the United States for the annual meeting of the Congress, the 2nd 
session of the 118th Congress convened at 12 noon, and was called to 
order by the Honorable Charles E. Schumer, a Senator from the State of 
New York.

                          ____________________








[Pages S1-S2]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 NOMINATIONS RETURNED TO THE PRESIDENT


                       Wednesday, January 3, 2024

  The following nominations transmitted by the President of the United 
States to the Senate during the first session of the 118th Congress, 
and upon which no action was had at the time of the sine die 
adjournment of the Senate, failed of confirmation under the provisions 
of rule XXXI, paragraph 6, of the Standing Rules of the Senate.


                     African Development Foundation

       Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be a 
     Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development 
     Foundation for a term expiring September 27, 2026.
       Carol Moseley Braun, of Illinois, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for 
     a term expiring September 22, 2023.
       Carol Moseley Braun, of Illinois, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for 
     a term expiring September 22, 2029.
       Monde Muyangwa, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of 
     Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term 
     expiring September 22, 2027.
       John W. Leslie, Jr., of Connecticut, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for 
     a term expiring September 22, 2025.


                       Amtrak Board of Directors

       Robin Lee Wiessmann, of Pennsylvania, to be a Director of 
     the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years.
       Samuel E. Lathem, of Delaware, to be a Director of the 
     Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years.


                  Corporation for Public Broadcasting

       Felix R. Sanchez, of the District of Columbia, to be a 
     Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for 
     Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2028.
       Janice Miriam Hellreich, of Hawaii, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting 
     for a term expiring January 31, 2030.


                       Department of Agriculture

       Stacy Lynn Dean, of the District of Columbia, to be Under 
     Secretary of Agriculture for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer 
     Services.
       Margo Schlanger, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary 
     of Agriculture.
       Jon M. Holladay, of Virginia, to be Chief Financial 
     Officer, Department of Agriculture.


                         Department of Defense

       Ronald T. Keohane, of New York, to be an Assistant 
     Secretary of Defense.
       Derek H. Chollet, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary of 
     Defense for Policy.
       Melissa Griffin Dalton, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary 
     of the Air Force.


                        Department of Education

       LaWanda Amaker Toney, of Maryland, to be Assistant 
     Secretary for Communications and Outreach, Department of 
     Education.


                Department of Health and Human Services

       Rebecca Lee Haffajee, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant 
     Secretary of Health and Human Services.


                    Department of Homeland Security

       Jeff Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial Officer, 
     Department of Homeland Security.


              Department of Housing and Urban Development

       Solomon Jeffrey Greene, of the District of Columbia, to be 
     an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
       David Uejio, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of 
     Housing and Urban Development.


                         Department of Justice

       Roy W. Minter, Jr., of Georgia, to be United States Marshal 
     for the Southern District of Georgia for the term of four 
     years.
       Michael Purnell, of Mississippi, to be United States 
     Marshal for the Northern District of Mississippi for the term 
     of four years.
       Dale L. Bell, of Mississippi, to be United States Marshal 
     for the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four 
     years.
       Rebecca C. Lutzko, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney 
     for the Northern District of Ohio for the term of four years.
       April M. Perry, of Illinois, to be United States Attorney 
     for the Northern District of Illinois for the term of four 
     years.
       David O. Barnett, Jr., of New Mexico, to be United States 
     Marshal for the District of New Mexico for the term of four 
     years.
       Clinton J. Fuchs, of Maryland, to be United States Marshal 
     for the District of Maryland for the term of four years.
       Johnny C. Gogo, of California, to be United States Attorney 
     for the District of Guam and concurrently United States 
     Attorney for the District of the Northern Mariana Islands for 
     the term of four years.
       David L. Lemmon II, of West Virginia, to be United States 
     Marshal for the Southern District of West Virginia for the 
     term of four years.
       Joshua S. Levy, of Massachusetts, to be United States 
     Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of 
     four years.


                          Department of Labor

       Julie A. Su, of California, to be Secretary of Labor.


                          Department of State

       Arthur W. Brown, of Pennsylvania, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Ecuador.
       B. Bix Aliu, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior 
     Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to Montenegro.
       Elizabeth Rood, of Pennsylvania, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to Turkmenistan.
       Jennifer M. Adams, of Virginia, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Cabo Verde.
       Dorothy Camille Shea, of North Carolina, a Career Member of 
     the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to 
     be the Deputy Representative of the United States of America 
     to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador 
     Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and the Deputy 
     Representative of the United States of America in the 
     Security Council of the United Nations.
       Dorothy Camille Shea, of North Carolina, a Career Member of 
     the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to 
     be Representative of the United States of America to the 
     Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, 
     during her tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the 
     United States of America to the United Nations.
       Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Colombia.

[[Page S2]]

       Pamela M. Tremont, of Virginia, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Zimbabwe.
       Richard Mills, Jr., of Georgia, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
       Robert William Forden, of California, a Career Member of 
     the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to 
     be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Kingdom of Cambodia.
       Stephanie Sanders Sullivan, of Maryland, a Career Member of 
     the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be 
     Representative of the United States of America to the African 
     Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary 
     and Plenipotentiary.
       Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of Florida, to be Representative of 
     the United States on the Executive Board of the World Health 
     Organization.
       David J. Kostelancik, of Illinois, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Albania.
       Michael Sfraga, of Alaska, to be Ambassador at Large for 
     Arctic Affairs.
       Richard H. Riley IV, of California, a Career Member of the 
     Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Federal Republic of Somalia.
       Mark Toner, of Pennsylvania, a Career Member of the Senior 
     Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Liberia.
       Lisa Peterson, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior 
     Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be 
     Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United 
     States of America to the Republic of Burundi.
       Margaret L. Taylor, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser of the 
     Department of State.
       Erik John Woodhouse, of Virginia, to be Head of the Office 
     of Sanctions Coordination, with the rank of Ambassador.


                       Department of the Treasury

       Ron Borzekowski, of Maryland, to be Director, Office of 
     Financial Research, Department of the Treasury, for a term of 
     six years.
       Marjorie A. Rollinson, of Virginia, to be Chief Counsel for 
     the Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel 
     in the Department of the Treasury.


                     Department of Veterans Affairs

       Anjali Chaturvedi, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, 
     Department of Veterans Affairs.


            European Bank for Reconstruction and Development

       Janet Louise Yellen, of California, to be United States 
     Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
     Development.
       Richard L.A. Weiner, of the District of Columbia, to be 
     United States Director of the European Bank for 
     Reconstruction and Development .


                   Executive Office of the President

       Deborah Robinson, of New Jersey, to be Intellectual 
     Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the 
     President.


                   Federal Labor Relations Authority

       Suzanne Elizabeth Summerlin, of Florida, to be General 
     Counsel of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term 
     of five years.
       Colleen Duffy Kiko, of North Dakota, to be a Member of the 
     Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years 
     expiring July 29, 2027.


              Federal Mediation and Conciliation Services

       Javier Ramirez, of Illinois, to be Federal Mediation and 
     Conciliation Director.


            Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission

       Moshe Z. Marvit, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the 
     Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission for a term 
     expiring August 30, 2028.


                    Inter-American Development Bank

       Leopoldo Martinez Nucete, of Virginia, to be United States 
     Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank for 
     a term of three years.


                       Inter-American Foundation

       Liliana Ayalde, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of 
     Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term 
     expiring June 26, 2026.
       Marcela Escobari, of Massachusetts, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a 
     term expiring September 20, 2026.
       Julio Guity-Guevara, of Maryland, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a 
     term expiring October 6, 2028.
       Maria Fabiana Jorge, of the District of Columbia, to be a 
     Member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American 
     Foundation for a term expiring September 20, 2028.
       Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a 
     term expiring September 20, 2024.


                      International Monetary Fund

       Janet Louise Yellen, of California, to be United States 
     Governor of the Inter-American Development Bank for a term of 
     five years; United States Governor of the International Bank 
     for Reconstruction and Development for a term of five years; 
     and United States Governor of the International Monetary Fund 
     for a term of five years.
       Elizabeth Shortino, of the District of Columbia, to be 
     United States Executive Director of the International 
     Monetary Fund for a term of two years.


                     Merit Systems Protection Board

       Cathy Ann Harris, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Merit 
     Systems Protection Board.
       Henry J. Kerner, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit 
     Systems Protection Board for the term of seven years expiring 
     March 1, 2030.


                    Millennium Challenge Corporation

       Steven L. Swig, of California, to be a Member of the Board 
     of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation for a 
     term of three years.
       Stuart Alan Levey, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board 
     of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation for a 
     term of three years.


                     Nuclear Regulatory Commission

       Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the 
     Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years 
     expiring June 30, 2028.


                       Office of Special Counsel

       Hampton Y. Dellinger, of North Carolina, to be Special 
     Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, for the term of five 
     years.


                       Tennessee Valley Authority

       Patrice J. Robinson, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the 
     Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a 
     term expiring May 18, 2028.


                             The Judiciary

       Adrienne Jennings Noti, of the District of Columbia, to be 
     an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of 
     Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
       Marian F. Gaston, of California, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Southern District of California.
       Todd E. Edelman, of the District of Columbia, to be United 
     States District Judge for the District of Columbia.
       Charnelle Bjelkengren, of Washington, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Eastern District of Washington.
       Scott Winston Colom, of Mississippi, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi.
       Tanya Monique Jones Bosier, of the District of Columbia, to 
     be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District 
     of Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
       Danny Lam Hoan Nguyen, of the District of Columbia, to be 
     an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of 
     Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
       Kenechukwu Onyemaechi Okocha, of the District of Columbia, 
     to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the 
     District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
       Katherine E. Oler, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
     Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of 
     Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
       Judith E. Pipe, of the District of Columbia, to be an 
     Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of 
     Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
       Charles J. Willoughby, Jr., of the District of Columbia, to 
     be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District 
     of Columbia for the term of fifteen years, William M. 
     Jackson, retired.
       Joseph Albert Laroski, Jr., of Maryland, to be a Judge of 
     the United States Court of International Trade.
       Lisa W. Wang, of the District of Columbia, to be a Judge of 
     the United States Court of International Trade.
       Joshua Paul Kolar, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit 
     Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
       Eumi K. Lee, of California, to be United States District 
     Judge for the Northern District of California.
       Colleen Danielle Holland, of New York, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Western District of New York.
       Ramona Villagomez Manglona, of the Northern Mariana 
     Islands, to be Judge for the District Court for the Northern 
     Mariana Islands for a term of ten years.
       Mustafa Taher Kasubhai, of Oregon, to be United States 
     District Judge for the District of Oregon.
       Seth Robert Aframe, of New Hampshire, to be United States 
     Circuit Judge for the First Circuit.
       Edward Sunyol Kiel, of New Jersey, to be United States 
     District Judge for the District of New Jersey.
       Sarah French Russell, of Connecticut, to be United States 
     District Judge for the District of Connecticut.
       Jacqueline Becerra, of Florida, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Southern District of Florida.
       Melissa Damian, of Florida, to be United States District 
     Judge for the Southern District of Florida.
       David Seymour Leibowitz, of Florida, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Southern District of Florida.
       Julie Simone Sneed, of Florida, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Middle District of Florida.
       Kirk Edward Sherriff, of California, to be United States 
     District Judge for the Eastern District of California.
       Amy M. Baggio, of Oregon, to be United States District 
     Judge for the District of Oregon.
       Nicole G. Berner, of Maryland, to be United States Circuit 
     Judge for the Fourth Circuit.
       Cristal C. Brisco, of Indiana, to be United States District 
     Judge for the Northern District of Indiana.
       Gretchen S. Lund, of Indiana, to be United States District 
     Judge for the Northern District of Indiana.
       Adeel Abdullah Mangi, of New Jersey, to be United States 
     Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit.


                             United Nations

       Calvin Smyre, of Georgia, to be a Representative of the 
     United States of America to the Seventy-eighth Session of the 
     General Assembly of the United Nations.


                    United States Parole Commission

       Almo J. Carter, of the District of Columbia, to be a 
     Commissioner of the United States Parole Commission for a 
     term of six years.


                  United States Sentencing Commission

       Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United 
     States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 
     2029.
       John Gleeson, of New York, to be a Member of the United 
     States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 
     2029.

                          ____________________








[Page S2]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 2024, AT 10 A.M.

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. on Friday, January 5, 2024.
  Thereupon, the Senate, at 12 and 40 seconds p.m., adjourned until 
Friday, January 5, 2024, at 10 a.m.





